Hey, welcome.
And in this video we're going to have a look at again how we can use the chat functionality inside of
cursor.
We're going to look at how you can integrate images into your workflow.
This can be great if you're sketching a diagram, and you want to specifically figure out how you can
integrate these diagrams into your code base driven development workflows.
We've got a couple of notebooks.
We're going to have a look at the story chain incomplete, and we have an idea of something that we
want to generate.
We have our several components of a story character generation chain.
You have the story premise.
Then we generate some characters.
Then with the characters, we select a plot line and we do the plot line generation.
Then with the plot outline, we then generate the scenes, which then go as a list of scenes.
Each scene then generates some details of that scene, which then compiles the story.
In the previous lesson, we looked at how we could index custom documentation from Lang Chain, so we're
going to use that custom documentation plus the image to help us produce this LLM based story generation
chain.
The chain is basically just a series of inputs and outputs that build upon each other.
Let's have a look at how we can do this.
Firstly, inside the Jupyter notebook I'm going to hit command L.
And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to say you are responsible for generating a story chain using
line chain expression language.
Now the next thing I need to do is I need to find that diagram.
So I found that diagram locally.
And you'll need to use a model that supports image recognition.
So I'm going to use GPT four O mini.
And then I'm going to go and get that diagram.
I'm going to drag it into the chat just like this.
And you'll now see there's an image over here.
And I can either collapse it or I can look at what that image is.
You could also remove it here.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to then run it.
And the reason why we've done that is because then we've given the entire Jupyter notebook, and we've
got a visual representation of what we want the LLM to do.
And now what we've got here is characters, the plots, the outlines.
And so we can carry that across.
So we'll say let's carry this across.
So we're going to load a notebook here.
And then we've got a runnable sequence and we're getting an error which is absolutely fine.
So we're going to take that error and we're going to put this in there back into the chat.
We're also going to say I want to make each step actually use a large language model.
Also use LTL expression language.
So we're still using that custom documentation.
It's got the rough idea that we want some sort of sequence of steps.
And we were also resolving a type error.
For now it's just compiling these.
And it's made them all in runnable lambdas.
And then it's running it in a sequence.
So let's have a look at that.
Now I've got a different error which is expected runnable.
But we got instead a class or a list.
Let's see if we can fix this.
So again I could read the documentation I could fix this.
But basically what we're relying on is the fact that we can basically just use the custom documentation
inside of cursor to immediately fix what's happening inside of the code.
So in this scenario, it hasn't managed to fix it.
So let's actually figure out why I want you to fix my code entirely and actually use.
So let's have a look at that.
So now it's decided it's actually going to create chat prompt templates, which looks a lot more like
what we want to do.
We have a bunch of runnable lambdas.
We're formatting the prompts.
And then let's go and copy this code and have a look.
So we have these ones here.
And now we're still getting a expected runnable callable or dict instead got an unsupported type of
list.
So these sequences should not be inside of a list.
I think that this was the bit that was actually causing the error.
And now what we have is a bunch of characters going into plots, and the plot outline goes into the
scene, detail runnable, and then the story runnable will then run last.
So we've got these prompt templates.
We're currently using GPT four O mini, which is quite a good model and it's cost effective.
And then you can see we have a range of different system prompts.
We can see this is the story that it came back with, which is really nice with the call to adventure.
We've got the trials and tribulations, and we've got the dark night of the soul, the climax and the
resolution.
Let's review some of the key learnings from this video.
Images can provide rich context to cursor, so you can add an image, such as an architectural diagram,
which can easily explain what the code needs to do.
Also, another thing to note is that custom documentation retrieval or document retrieval steps don't
always work, and you need to supplement this with either reading the documentation or understanding
how the library works.
Also, you should only use custom documentation if the framework or package or language is newer and
is changing and is less stable.
If you have a more stable package or framework or programming language such as Django, Laravel, flask
or Express.js, then I recommend that you avoid using custom documentation, as this increases the latency
and the time that it takes to get the request back from large language models.
In the next video, we'll have a look at how you can use an image to easily mock out a UI in another
tool called V0.